Bump to v 1.13.3 (#1089)
algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2: README.md

Algolia Search for Magento 2
==================

![Latest version](https://img.shields.io/badge/latest-1.13.3-green.svg)
![Magento 2](https://img.shields.io/badge/Magento-%3E=2.2%20<2.4-blue.svg)
![PHP >= 7.0.6](https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-%3E=7.0-green.svg)

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2/tree/master)

-------

#### Magento 2.4 compatibility & extension's versions End of Life

> We are happy to announce that the version 3.x of our extension is now compatible with Magento 2.4 (see details below in this readme to know more about differences between the different branches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are happy to announce that the version 3.x of our extension is now compatible with Magento 2.4. Review the [Customisation](https://github.com/algolia/algoliasearch-magento-2#customisation) section to learn more about the differences between our extension versions. 
```

> We also decided to stop maintaining actively legacy branches (1.x and 2.x), we'll just continue to backport major fixes and we'll release the latest version of each of these branches in January 2021. We won't accept any PRs after this date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, we are announcing the end of life for our legacy versions. We will continue to support and backport major changes to the minor branches until the defined dates below. We will not accept community PRs for those branches after this date. 
```

| Extension Version | End of Life |
| --- | --- |
| v1.x | Jan 2021 |
| v2.x | Jan 2021 |
| v3.x | N/A |

> -------

Reviewer: Can we move this announcement below support one? That should always be at the top!
